SEO excerpts: Use part 3 (#3832)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/hyperfunctions/gapfilling-interpolation.md

---
title: Gapfilling and interpolation

> excerpt: Timescale Cloud enables you to create additional rows of data to close any gaps. Learn how gapfilling and interpolation make sure your real-time analytics workloads run smoothly even on missing data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Timescale Cloud enables you to create additional rows of data to close any gaps. Learn how gapfilling and interpolation ensures that your real-time analytics workloads run smoothly, even on missing data
```
